Guide on Importing LSK to MetaMask (#162)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/docs-user/using-lisk/import-lsk.mdx

---
title: Importing LSK to MetaMask
sidebar_position: 1

> slug: /user/import-lsk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: /user/import-lsk-metamask
```

maybe make url more specific

description: 'How to integrate Lisk with popular wallets like MetaMask.'
keywords:
  [
    'Lisk',
    'Lisk wallet',
    'MetaMask',
    'EVM-compatible wallets',
    'Lisk testnet',
    'Sepolia',
    'cryptocurrency wallet setup',
    'Lisk wallet setup',
    'add LSK Token',
    'Ethereum',
  ]
---

## Importing LSK on Lisk L2

> By default, MetaMask doesn't import LSK tokens into a wallet account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, MetaMask doesn't show owned LSK tokens in a wallet account. 
```

> This means that a holder of LSK has to import the LSK tokens manually to the wallet for different networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that a holder of LSK has to import the LSK tokens manually to the wallet for different networks, in order to have them displayed in the MetaMask wallet.
```

:::note
Make sure your wallet has been connected to the relevant network, which in this case is either **Lisk Mainnet** or **Lisk Sepolia Testnet**.
For more information, see the relevant information in the [How to Connect Lisk to a Wallet](connecting-to-a-wallet) guide.

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Importing LSK to MetaMask

By default, MetaMask doesn't import LSK tokens into a wallet account. 
This means that a holder of LSK has to import the LSK tokens manually to the wallet for different networks.

:::note
Make sure your wallet has been connected to the relevant network, which can be either
- **Lisk Mainnet**
- **Lisk Sepolia Testnet**, or
- **Ethereum**

For more information, see the relevant information in the [How to Connect Lisk to a Wallet](connecting-to-a-wallet) guide.
:::

## Importing LSK on Lisk L2
```

Would move the intro text one level up

### Importing LSK on Lisk Mainnet

To import LSK on Lisk Mainnet, perform the following steps:

1. Open the LSK token contract's address on Blockscout: [0xac485391EB2d7D88253a7F1eF18C37f4242D1A24](https://blockscout.lisk.com/token/0xac485391EB2d7D88253a7F1eF18C37f4242D1A24).
2. Click on the MetaMask icon.
    <img src="/img/docs/import-lsk/clickMetaMask.png" alt="Getting started"  /> 
3. A pop-up window of MetaMask will open asking for confirmation for the Custom Token addition.
  <img src="/img/docs/import-lsk/confimAddition.png" alt="Getting started" width="300px" />
4. Click on the `Add token` button, after successfully adding the token, a message will be displayed on the screen: `Successfully added token to your wallet`.

> ### Importing LSK to Lisk Sepolia Testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Importing LSK on Lisk Sepolia Testnet
```
